## Reflection for Homework 5


### Design Changes
The most challenging part of the design process was understanding the existing code base and finding how the different classes interact with each other. Once I was able to understand how the pieces interacted with each other, I was able to easily add in the second railway crossing by simply duplicating the instantiation of the first track and registering the gates as observers of the train. The way I implemented the functionality for the gates to remain closed while another train was approaching, even if the first had past is not a scalable solution. I used boolean values to keep track of if the other gates had been triggered. For this model where only two gates are present, this solution functioned and prevented the creation of additional classes. However, for a larger design with multiple crossings I would like to create an abstract "intersection" class to control the various types of intersection (road-train, train-train, road-road). Similarily for the second porition of this assignment I added a detection statement for if the car was within the bounds of the "West-East" road. However, the car would only turn down the road if the crossing gate on the road it was about to turn on to was still closed or still opening. This control ensured the car would have a clear path. I approach the design this way because I had continual problems with the cars overtaking each other, or not following the lead car's distance. Even after multiple attempts to fix the bug, the cars will still occasionally jump each other. I used a cascaded observer update from the crossing gate to the road, to the car factory to the cars to determine if turning was acceptable. For future iterations, it would make sense to include a queue with a limit of cars that would wait for an opening in the second road.

### Traffic Simulator
Although Mayor Buttigieg is noble in his intent to simulate traffic patterns in the South Bend community, this model is too simplisitc to be userful. The design as-is handles three roads and two rail-road crossings with single direction traffic, and does so with difficulty. In order to scale the solution up, the code would need to be redesigned from the ground up. For example, not all roads are going to be single lane, one-way roads, nor are cars going to have random, uniform speeds. Real world traffic involves stopping and starting, changing lanes, and accidents which are not possible to simulate in the current model. Additionally, the way crossings are registered with each others is not a good model for how intersections work. A real-worldd model would need the ability to have cars turn right on a red-light, turn-left, etc. 
